CI_script.md, before:

# CI/Testing Script

Follow the steps below to test the newly implemented features.

## Initial Setup

1. Log in to Mayan using the provided admin credentials
2. Click on Cabinets>Create Cabinets
3. Create Cabinets called "In Progress" and "Completed"
4. Verify that the cabinets were created successfully by checking the Cabinets list at Cabinets>All
5. Navigate to the Mayan home page
6. Click on 'View details' associated with the Document types card
7. Click on actions>create document type
8. Create a new document type called "Application"

## 1. Importing Applications for Review

1. Log in to Mayan using the provided admin credentials
2. Click on the applications drop down menu item in the main menu sidebar
3. Click on import applications
4. Upload a file, making sure that you are able to select “Application” as the document type.
5. Click on the Application Dashboard menu item under applications in the main menu sidebar
6. Verify that the document you just uploaded is visible and that the Total counter reflects the change

## 2. Inviting Reviewers

1. Click on the reviewers tab on the main menu sidebar
2. Click on the invite reviewer menu item
3. Fill in the form using the reviewer’s credentials
4. After submitting, you should be prompted to set a password for the reviewer
5. Fill out the password creation form
6. Click on the All Reviewers menu item in the main menu sidebar(under Reviewers)
7. Verify that the newly created reviewer is listed in the reviewers list and that the total counter reflects the change
8. Log out and attempt to login using the reviewer credentials that were just created
9. Share the newly created reviewer credentials with the relevant reviewer

## 3. Assigning applications to reviewers

1. Click on the applications tab on the main menu sidebar
2. Click on the Assign for review menu item
3. Select the applications you would like to assign
4. Click on the bulk actions drop down and select "Assign for review"
5. Select the reviewer you would like to assign the applications to using the drop down
6. Verify that the assignment was successful by checking that the assigned reviewer's name is listed below the application.

## 4. Updating the review status of an application

Commit message:

completed the update status component in the CI script

CI_script.md, after:

# CI/Testing Script

Follow the steps below to test the newly implemented features.

## Initial Setup

1. Log in to Mayan using the provided admin credentials
2. Click on Cabinets>Create Cabinets
3. Create Cabinets called "In Progress" and "Completed"
4. Verify that the cabinets were created successfully by checking the Cabinets list at Cabinets>All
5. Navigate to the Mayan home page
6. Click on 'View details' associated with the Document types card
7. Click on actions>create document type
8. Create a new document type called "Application"

## 1. Importing Applications for Review

1. Log in to Mayan using the provided admin credentials
2. Click on the applications drop down menu item in the main menu sidebar
3. Click on import applications
4. Upload a file, making sure that you are able to select “Application” as the document type.
5. Click on the Application Dashboard menu item under applications in the main menu sidebar
6. Verify that the document you just uploaded is visible and that the Total counter reflects the change

## 2. Inviting Reviewers

1. Click on the reviewers tab on the main menu sidebar
2. Click on the invite reviewer menu item
3. Fill in the form using the reviewer’s credentials
4. After submitting, you should be prompted to set a password for the reviewer
5. Fill out the password creation form
6. Click on the All Reviewers menu item in the main menu sidebar(under Reviewers)
7. Verify that the newly created reviewer is listed in the reviewers list and that the total counter reflects the change
8. Log out and attempt to login using the reviewer credentials that were just created
9. Share the newly created reviewer credentials with the relevant reviewer

## 3. Assigning applications to reviewers

1. Click on the applications tab on the main menu sidebar
2. Click on the Assign for review menu item
3. Select the applications you would like to assign
4. Click on the bulk actions drop down and select "Assign for review"
5. Select the reviewer you would like to assign the applications to using the drop down
6. Verify that the assignment was successful by checking that the assigned reviewer's name is listed below the application.

## 4. View applications assigned and update status(as a reviewer)

1. Log in to Mayan using the credentials provided by the admin in step 2
2. Click on applications>application dashboard
3. Applications assigned to you will display your name in the document card
4. Go into preview view by clicking on the document’s name
5. On the right sidebar, click on ‘Update Status’
6. Assign the document to either the ‘In Progress’ or ‘Completed’ cabinet
7. Verify that the status was updated by visiting the application dashboard and checking the application card.
